sig: migrate scheduling SIG from PingCAP to TiKV (#80)
tikv/community: sig/scheduling/README.md

# Scheduling Special Interest Group(Scheduling SIG)

> Scheduling SIG covers the scheduling system in TiDB cluster. Our work includes

Reviewer: Should "TiDB cluster" be changed into "the TiKV client"?

Author: No.

Reviewer 2: We should definitely repurpose this SIG - I think firstly it's the scheduling system for PD. For TiDB, we can say that TiDB clusters also depend on PD as the scheduling center.

Author: How about "Scheduling SIG covers the scheduling system for TiKV"? Do we need to mention TiDB here?

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me. We don't need to mention TiDB here. But we may add a section like "Related SIGs or Related projects" so that we can list the work or projects that are closely related to PD.

> - Supporting new scheduling policies or optimizing the existing scheduling system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Supporting new scheduling policies and optimizing the existing scheduling systems.
```
